L&L here the Bundesliga's are strongly
on a very competitive league i pled in
the Spanish league and I think it's one
of the best in Europe the older but I
think Spanish football is a bit more
technical and creative and german
football is a little bit more about
strength and spirit day yeah nobody said
there was a noble i think chris is in
some of the best form of his life is
playing really well yo yo gay it's
obvious it's a dream all of us have but
we know we have to take it step by step
we've two very important games against
Borussia and we know it's not going to
be easy you know us and laugh I see Troy
dog analyst here when teasing one I
think they both improved a lot in in
every way Sammy is in really good form
the coach is counting on him and he
looks good um I think that med suit is
also giving a lot of assists he's in
really good form and that's vital for us
Claire Bennet alone now we're playing
much better the defense is more compact
and things overall are working out
better and we have that extra bit of
confidence that allows us to play really
well where hey nothing okay every time
we score it's a strong point in our
favor because we scored nearly every
time we play away from home well I hope
we can score and have more confidence
but when we play at home when knowing
i'ma hit away I'll go to this one when I
give all my bike I think they're a very
similar side to what we are they're
strong on the break we know that because
we've seen it and we've conceded girls
on the break against them and I think
they're a great team they're also in
good form right now and as I've said I
think we have to get things one hundred
percent right to qualify him barking
develop WordPress our gaming and early
Thunder anything there are two great
sides is going to be a difficult game
between them and the fact is it's very
hard to say who will qualify here Kim
Kim becerra yes I'm betting on us and
we'll do everything possible to get
through the round